[INTERNAL] Document specVersion 2.3 (#492)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/pages/Configuration.md

### Component Preload Generation

For projects of type `application` a `Component-preload.js` bundle is generated by default. This bundle will contain most UI5 runtime relevant resources of the component.  
You can override this default behavior by defining a `componentPreload` configuration.

For projects of type `library` there is no Component Preload created by default.  
However you can define a `componentPreload` configuration to create Component Preload bundles. Those will be created in addition to the `library-preload.js` bundle.

> There are two ways to define the set of components preload bundles should be generated for: `paths` (allowing patterns) and `namespaces`. You can also combine both configuration options. Defining any of them overrides the default preload bundle generation for the root component of `application` projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to define the set of components for which preload bundles should be generated. You can either provide `paths` (allowing patterns) or `namespaces`. You can also combine both configuration options. Defining any of them overrides the default preload bundle generation for the root component of `application` projects.
```

- `defaultFileTypes`: List of default file types which should be included in the bundle
  - `sections`: A list of module bundle definition sections. Each section specifies an embedding technology (see [API-Reference](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/api/module-@ui5_builder.tasks.html#.generateBundle)) and lists the resources that should be in- or excluded from the section.
    - `mode`:  The embedding technology (e.g. provided, raw, preload)

>     - `filters`: List of modules declared as glob patterns (resource name patterns) that should be in- or excluded. A pattern ending with a slash '/' will, similarly to the use of a single '*' or double '**' asterisks, denote an arbitrary number of characters or folder names. Excludes should be marked with a leading exclamation mark '!'. The order of filters is relevant, a later inclusion overrides an earlier exclusion and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `filters`: List of modules declared as glob patterns (resource name patterns) that should be in- or excluded. A pattern ending with a slash '/' will, similarly to the use of a single '*' or double '**' asterisk, denote an arbitrary number of characters or folder names. Excludes should be marked with a leading exclamation mark '!'. The order of filters is relevant; a later inclusion overrides an earlier exclusion, and vice versa.
```
